# Structure
This file explain the project structure. Please be reminded to modify this if any changes has been made.

+ project
  + Parser:
    + Split lines, record line number(in string)
    + Remove empty lines, comments
    + Get embedded scripts, and run by JsRunner
    + Get #run commands and run by JsRunner, parse the result
    + Process inherit prefix, join lines
    + Parse into modules, procedures, chains
  + JsRunner:
    + Use eval.call in this scope
    + Load script from URL (local and http)
    + Run scripts
    + Evaluate #run command
    + Parse commands. (Check for custom commands, or parse the inline expression)
  + Chain:
    + Handle #chain command
    + Count number of commands(Determining Looping chain length)
    + Handle Wrapping, Looping
    + Handle annotation
    + Handle coordinate issues
  + CommandBlock:
    + Get final setblock command (Parse command at that time by JsRunner)
    + Handle prefix
  + Procedure:
    + Convert commands into advancements
  + CommandCombiner:
    + Combine multiple commands into one commmand.  
      (May generate multiple 'one command' if the number of characters exceeds the limit)
  + CommandUtil:
    + Functions for string NBT, etc.
  + CommandModule:
    + Store module, filter modules
  + Options.json:
    + Options of the compiler
  + Translate & TranslateStrings.json
    + Translations for the outputs of the compiler
  + App:
    + Handle parameters
    + Handle options

For the line number, we will use string, as there may have some line numbers like '12.34', which is generated by the '#run' command.

For the scope, the current implementation is to write classes of different scopes. When the parser parse the lines,
it will create the scope, and add elements(scope/line) to the scope.
The scope will have an addElement method, to add elements(another scope/line) to the object. And it will have a generator function, to give back its content(lines) to its parent scope if needed. (For example, a chain)
